registration.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Registration
permalink: /registration/
---

JURIX offers special registration fees for students and academics and a discount for registrations effected until Nov. 30, 2023 (“early bird”). For attending the conference dinner, it is necessary to buy an additional dinner ticket. Participants only interested in attending the workshops may purchase a “workshops-only” ticket which covers remote participation in workshops. Please note that remote participation is only offered for the workshops, not for the main conference.

|                                          | Academic | Students | Other    |
| ---------------------------------------- | -------- | -------- | -------- |
| Early Bird *                             | € 280.00 | € 110.00 | € 380.00 |
| Normal                                   | € 390.00 | € 160.00 | € 490.00 |
| Online only (conference and/or workshop) | € 75.00  | € 50.00  | € 125.00 |
| Workshop only (in-person)                | € 100.00 | € 70.00  | € 140.00 |
| Dinner ticket                            | € 60.00  | € 60.00  | € 60.00  |

**The end date for the Early Bird is the 30th of November.*

**Academic:** Researches or others with affiliation to a university or research institutions

**Students:** Undergraduates or post-graduates, e.g., bachelor's, master's or PhD students (enrollment certificate required)

**Other:** Industry, government, other

Commit message:

add registration link and update table

registration.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Registration
permalink: /registration/
---

Link to registration: <https://www.aanmelder.nl/148703/subscribe?survey_id=158967>

JURIX offers special registration fees for students and academics and a discount for registrations effected until Nov. 30, 2023 (“early bird”). For attending the conference dinner, it is necessary to buy an additional dinner ticket. Participants only interested in attending the workshops may purchase a “workshops-only” ticket which covers remote participation in workshops. Please note that remote participation is only offered for the workshops, not for the main conference.

|                                                        | Academic | Students | Other    |
| ------------------------------------------------------ | -------- | -------- | -------- |
| Early Bird  (in-person in Maastricht) *                | € 280.00 | € 110.00 | € 380.00 |
| Normal (in-person in Maastricht)                       | € 390.00 | € 160.00 | € 490.00 |
| Online only                                            | € 75.00  | € 50.00  | € 125.00 |
| Workshop only on 18 December (in-person in Maastricht) | € 100.00 | € 70.00  | € 140.00 |
| Workshop only on 18 December (online)                  | free     | free     | free     |
| Dinner ticket                                          | € 60.00  | € 60.00  | € 60.00  |

**The end date for the Early Bird is the 30th of November.*

**Academic:** Researches or others with affiliation to a university or research institutions

**Students:** Undergraduates or post-graduates, e.g., bachelor's, master's or PhD students (enrollment certificate required)

**Other:** Industry, government, other
